right take your hit me you don't do
stuff like maybe it's fun you should try
it what to Carolyn it probably wouldn't
work on me anyway well you'll never know
unless you try ok pass it over nice one
Wow papa
Oh
I'll do anything oh you're awake Ruthie
that's good I made you breakfast look
there you go clock coffee freshly
squeezed orange juice scrambled eggs cup
arounds a toast I think breakfast is the
most important meal of the day don't you
right now busy Saturday I thought we'd
pop it a turn and do a spot of shopping
what do you think fancy that Ruthie who
are you I followed closely him perhaps
inevitably by where am i and what the
hell am I doing here is me Chaz Charlie
Charles Louisville Police familiar and
we know each other yeah we met last
night in the Mexican restaurant you were
drinking tequila's ring any bells but it
does explain why I feel like somebody's
stolen my liver and replaced it with a
minibar I shouldn't have a drink tequila
I did warn you I said Ruth eat ruse yeah
yeah I said Ruthie hey tequila is a very
powerful spirit and what did you do I
have no idea you called me a dirty green
go and spat a lemon wedge in me face I'd
had a bad day want to talk about it no
oh fair enough I was this close to
becoming senior accounts clerk at our
head office no wonder you were depressed
come on you moron oh right right right
uh how much exactly do you remember
about last night specifically yeah
nothing
not even a bit where you at me ping well
I have to admit I'm feeling rather used
you spend off the night treating me as
your own personal lovetoy then come
morning you can't even remember me name
what do you think that makes me feel
like a woman people say that londoners
is stuck up but I was just in the shower
and those nice builders from across the
road for all calling out and waving to
me they couldn't have been more friendly
nothing brings people together quite
like a pair of soapy bread say Carolyn
what did you get in last night that's 20
minutes ago you know what they say about
burning the candle at both ends hmm it
makes Jack a dull boy
where's Bruce she's not here and her bed
hasn't been slept in didn't she leave a
message on the answerphone no bry me
that's not like roof maybe she met
someone last night no chance Ruth likes
to observe certain time on a courtship
ritual you know researching the family
history full credit check
round-the-clock surveillance in Ruth's
fold even a quickie can take a couple of
months